README.md, before:

# MarioEval Project

This project requires **Java 1.8** to compile and run.

## 🛠 Requirements

- **Java JDK 1.8** installed and available on your system `PATH`
- **Apache Ant** (version 1.7 or higher)

## 📦 Setting Up Apache Ant

If you don't have Ant installed:

### Windows

1. Download Ant from [https://ant.apache.org/bindownload.cgi](https://ant.apache.org/bindownload.cgi)
2. Extract the ZIP archive to a location like `C:\Ant`
3. Add the `bin` directory (e.g., `C:\Ant\bin`) to your system `PATH`
4. Set the `ANT_HOME` environment variable to the extracted directory (e.g., `C:\Ant`)

## Building the Project

To build the runnable JAR file:

```
ant
```

This uses the build.xml file and creates a file called MarioEval.jar in the current directory.

The JAR includes all necessary dependencies and uses a jar-in-jar loader.

##  Running the Program

Once the JAR is built, you can run it with a command like:

```
java -jar .\MarioEval.jar human "----------------" "----------------" "----------------"  "----------------" "----------------" "----------------" "----------------" "----------------" "---E--oooooooo--" "XXXXXX?-----XXXX" "----------------" "---------E------"  "------SSSQSS----" "-------------<>-" "-------------[]-" "XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX"
```

The actual main class that runs is:
```
edu.southwestern.tasks.mario.level.MarioLevelUtil
```

The idea is that a complete level is sent to the program via the command line. The first parameter indicates the type of agent, either "human" play or an "astar" agent. The remaining lines should be strings of the same length that define a Mario level. Here is a more human legible version of the level being sent to the program above:

```
"----------------" 
"----------------" 
"----------------"  
"----------------" 
"----------------" 
"----------------" 
"----------------" 
"----------------" 
"---E--oooooooo--" 
"XXXXXX?-----XXXX" 
"----------------" 
"---------E------" 
"------SSSQSS----" 
"-------------<>-" 
"-------------[]-" 
"XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX"

```

It makes use of all available symbols for each tile type.

Commit message:

Take file instead
Make jar file read level from file instead

README.md, after:

# MarioEval Project

This project requires **Java 1.8** to compile and run.

## 🛠 Requirements

- **Java JDK 1.8** installed and available on your system `PATH`
- **Apache Ant** (version 1.7 or higher)

## 📦 Setting Up Apache Ant

If you don't have Ant installed:

### Windows

1. Download Ant from [https://ant.apache.org/bindownload.cgi](https://ant.apache.org/bindownload.cgi)
2. Extract the ZIP archive to a location like `C:\Ant`
3. Add the `bin` directory (e.g., `C:\Ant\bin`) to your system `PATH`
4. Set the `ANT_HOME` environment variable to the extracted directory (e.g., `C:\Ant`)

## Building the Project

To build the runnable JAR file:

```
ant
```

This uses the build.xml file and creates a file called MarioEval.jar in the current directory.

The JAR includes all necessary dependencies and uses a jar-in-jar loader.

##  Running the Program

Once the JAR is built, you can run it with a command like:

```
java -jar .\MarioEval.jar human Example.txt human
```

The actual main class that runs is:
```
edu.southwestern.tasks.mario.level.MarioLevelUtil
```

The idea is that a complete level is sent to the program via the command line. The first parameter indicates the type of agent, either "human" play or an "astar" agent. The next parameter is a file containing the level representation below.

```
----------------
---------------- 
----------------  
---------------- 
---------------- 
---------------- 
---------------- 
---------------- 
---E--oooooooo-- 
XXXXXX?-----XXXX 
---------------- 
---------E------ 
------SSSQSS---- 
-------------<>- 
-------------[]- 
XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX

```

It makes use of all available symbols for each tile type.
